doc: openthread: update SHA of recommended OT Border Router (#8256)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Removed support for Thread Border Router as part of the Master library feature set.
* Fixed a bug in which a Minimal Thread Device was not able to handle Address Error Notification messages.
* Updated the values in the memory requirement tables in :ref:`thread_ot_memory` after the update to the :ref:`nrfxlib:ot_libs` in nrfxlib.

> * Updated recommended version of OpenThread Border Router and acompanying nrfconnect/otbr docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated recommended version of OpenThread Border Router and the accompanying ``nrfconnect/otbr`` docker image.
```

Author: Thanks!
